Applying good looking styles to forms is very easy with vertical forms, every input element should
be surrounded by a deep element and we already have that.
And this development should get the form group class.
The input itself gets the form control class.
Let's also add a label.
For attribute should point to an ID of the form element their label is bound to.
Associating labels with input has benefits first, accessibility screen readers can read out loud the
label for the given input element and second, clicking the label will focus on the actual input element
bounce to it.
Make sure you also add the ID element I'd attributes on the input element.
Let's do the same with the content field, so first we add a form group to the surrounding def element.
Then we are adding a label.
Then the text area needs a class called Form Control and an ID.
Content.
Now, let's put some text into these labels, so here there is the title and then there is the content.
Finally, the buttons in the create and added templates should be styled.
Beaton will style this buttons using the default bootstrap button style between primary will make the
buttons blue and BGN block.
Will make the buttons, take the whole whiff of the containing element.
You can just copy over this glass to the edit form into the input.
Let's check how our refreshed form looks like right now.
Now, that is what I call a makeover.